This document is an insight journal for the MIT CPP course.
For each problem, I will state the (a) the problem or question I solved and (b) the solution and any insight from this exercise.

MIT CPP Assignment 1

Problem 2.1
a. output "Hello World!" using a const char *.
b. this exercise taught me about mutability and introduced me to pointers.

Problem 2.2 (for, while, do/while)
a. output "Hello World!" using for, while, and do/while loops
b. I learned the different ways to create a loop, and the benefits of using each.

Problem 3.1
a. What happens if we declare the same name twice within a block, giving it two different meanings?
b. error: conflicting declaration, will not compile.  This introduced me to the necessity for unique variables within the same scope.

Problem 3.1.2
a. What happens if we declare an identifier in a block, and then redeclare that same identifier in a block nested within that block?
b. the output is that of the outermost variable.  This introduced me to scope.  

Problem 3.1.3
a. Suppose an identifier has two different declarations, one in an outer block and one in a nested
inner block. If the name is accessed within the inner block, which declaration is used?
b. The inner block - the one within the scope of the std::cout.  This taught the concept of scope.

Problem 3.1.4
a. Suppose an identifier has two different declarations, one in an outer block and one in a nested inner block. If the name is accessed within the outer block, but after the inner block, which declaration is used?
b. The outer block - the one within the scope of the cout.  The identifier is not used outside its scope. Another quesiton on scope.

Problem 3.1.5
a. Below is a sample program that will not compile. Why not? By moving which line can we get the code to compile?
b. Move the #include <iostream> to the top, so that std::cout is declared before it is used.  This initially taught me that prerocessor directive placement is important, and prompted me to learn what #include actually does (pastes everything from iostream into this file, increasing the size by 50k lines).  This then led to learning about other preprocessor directives, .i files, and header file usage.

Problem 3.2
a. Given a list of N integers, find its mean (as a double), maximum value, minimum value, and range.
b. 

Problem 3.3
a. Prompt the user to enter an integer whihc represents the number of primes to return.  Return that number of primes, starting with 2.
b. Used a nested while.. for.. if.. can this be done better?

Problem 3.4
a. 




